usage: drill_planner [-h] -i INPUT -o OUTPUT -c CONFIG -opt OPTIMIZER
                        [-tl TIME_LIMIT] [--ignore-end-date] [--lint]
                        [--schemas]

A module that given a well priority list and a set of constraints, creates a
list of dates for each well to be completed. Any well may have multiple
options as to where it can be drilled, both for different slots and rigs. The
module will try to find the optimum event combinations that allows for the
wells to be completed as quickly as possible, and at the same time make sure
that the dates that are output will be a valid drill plan.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -tl TIME_LIMIT, --time-limit TIME_LIMIT
                        Maximum time limit for the solver in seconds.If a
                        solution has not been reached within this time, a
                        greedyapproach will be used instead. (default: 3600)
  --ignore-end-date     Ignore the end date in the config file.
  --lint                Lints all given input (file) arguments with no data
                        transformation.
  --schemas             Output schemas for file parameters

required named arguments:
  -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                        File containing information related to wells. The
                        format is consistent with the wells.json file when
                        running everest and can be used directly.
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        Name of the output-file. The output-file (json) will
                        contain the same information as the input-file,
                        including the results from the drill_planner. Please
                        note that it is highly recommended to not use the same
                        filename as the input-file. In cases where the same
                        workflow is run twice, it is generally advised that
                        the input-file for each job is consistent
  -c CONFIG, --config CONFIG
                        Configuration file in yaml format describing the
                        constraints of the field development. The file must
                        contain information about rigs and slots that the
                        wells can be drilled through. Additional information,
                        such as when rigs and slots are available is also
                        added here.
  -opt OPTIMIZER, --optimizer OPTIMIZER
                        The optimizer file in yaml format is the file output
                        from everest that contains the well priority values -
                        a float for each well.
